# Logging Problems

The logging in this module doesn't work as expected. Correct the issues so that the logs are generated as expected.


## Setup

Run 'calculator.py'. For calculator.py to run, the 'support_functions' must be importable as a module. This is easily accomplished by using the "Open Folder" function in Visual Studio Code and pointing it at the "solution" folder containing this file. When calculator.py runs, confirm it generates the expected logs.

## Expected Log Behavior

All logs generated by any third party module and logs generated by calculator.py program and its supporting modules should be logged to standard error. For example, the logs generated by the request module when `support_functions/__init__.py` is executed should be sent to stderr.

Additionally, all logs generated by calculator.py and other programs inside the solution folder should record any logs that are WARNING or above to the file "/tmp/calculator.txt".

All logs should be in the "logging.BASIC_FORMAT".

#### Logger Names

Most of the problems are the result of a broken logging name strategy. The use of `__name__` everywhere means that the logging hierarchy is broken. Since "calculator.py" is used as a program and not a module its logger name is `__main__` and not `calculator`. Because the support_functions module also uses `__name__` for its logger then it would be `support_functions` and a would be different branch of the logging hierarchy. To fix this we can reorganize the directory structure or we can hard code the logger names. Lets hard code the names.

Entries generated by calculator.py should have a logger name of "calculator".  
Entries generated by importing support_function should have a logger name of "calculator.support_functions"
Entries generated by the Adder object should have a logger name of "calculator.support_functions.adder"

For example, when calculator.py is executed, you should see the following output. 

---
**NOTE**
When your logging is configured correctly, the logs should closely match this output. Your logs to stderr will include third party modules, and you will see all debug and informational logs, as shown here. Depending upon the availability of sans.org, you may have different responses, but otherwise, the logs should be identical. 

The contents of the file "/tmp/calculator.log" should exactly match the output shown below.

----


This should be printed to stderr (terminal).
```
DEBUG:urllib3.connectionpool:Starting new HTTP connection (1): sans.org:80
DEBUG:urllib3.connectionpool:http://sans.org:80 "GET / HTTP/1.1" 301 0
DEBUG:urllib3.connectionpool:Starting new HTTPS connection (1): sans.org:443
DEBUG:urllib3.connectionpool:https://sans.org:443 "GET / HTTP/1.1" 301 0
DEBUG:urllib3.connectionpool:Starting new HTTPS connection (1): www.sans.org:443
DEBUG:urllib3.connectionpool:https://www.sans.org:443 "GET / HTTP/1.1" 200 18342
WARNING:calculator.support_functions:Internet Confirmed.
WARNING:calculator.support_functions:Adder object exported!
DEBUG:calculator:Adding 10 and 5
WARNING:calculator.support_functions.adder:Set initial value to 0
INFO:calculator.support_functions.adder:Adding values (10, 5)
INFO:calculator.support_functions.adder:Sending the result!
WARNING:calculator:The result is 15
```

These 4 lines should be written to "/tmp/calculator.log" when you're able to successfully connect to sans.org.

```
WARNING:calculator.support_functions:Internet Confirmed.
WARNING:calculator.support_functions:Adder object exported!
WARNING:calculator.support_functions.adder:Set initial value to 0
WARNING:calculator:The result is 15
```

You should only add one handler.  
 - Your handler should record any message from calculator.py or any module in any of its subdirectories that are WARNING or above to 
 /tmp/calculator.log"
 - Adding this single handler will allow the root logger to log to stderr which is currently blocked by the NullHandlers 

## Submitting your answer.

When you have finished this program, submit the path to the entire "loggingproblems" folder. The test module will assume the solution subdirectory is in that folder and that calculator.py is in the solution folder.



